content/0.index.md, before:

---
title: Pachtop - Cross-platform Desktop system monitor 🚀
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
image: https://github.com/pacholoamit/pachtop-docs/blob/master/public/pachtop.png?raw=true
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Download
  - https://github.com/pacholoamit/pachtop/releases/latest
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/pacholoamit/pachtop
---

#title
Pachtop - a more modern system monitor 🚀

#description
Pachtop is a lightweight, performant, and opensource system monitor that provides real-time monitoring of your system's performance, application monitoring, and detailed system information. Built with [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) and [Tauri](https://tauri.app/)

#extra
  ::list
  - **Real-time Monitoring:** Continuously monitor your system's performance
  - **Application Monitoring:** Monitor and compare resource usage of running applications
  - **System Information:** Get detailed information about your system
  - **Performant & Lightweight:** built with Rust and keeps performance and resource usage in mind
  - **Cross-platform:** works on MacOs, Windows and Linux (Android & IOS coming soon)
  - **Opensource:** need I say more?
  ::

#support

![pachtop](https://github.com/pacholoamit/pachtop-docs/blob/master/public/pachtop.png?raw=true)

::



::card-grid
#title
Features

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=material-symbols:add-chart}
  #title
  Real-time updates
  #description
  Receive system metrics & updates in the Dashboard in real-time.
  ::

  ::card{icon=IconNuxtStudio}
  #title
  Nuxt Studio ready
  #description
  Edit your theme content and appearance with live-preview within [Nuxt Studio](https://nuxt.studio).
  ::

  ::card{icon=simple-icons:rust}
  #title
  Built with Rust & Typescript
  #description
  A lightweight bundle that ensures a seamless experience with minimal resource consumption.
  ::

  ::card{icon=simple-icons:github}
  #title
  Easy Installation
  #description
  Get started by downloading directly from the GitHub releases page.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:rocket}
  #title
  Deploy anywhere
  #description
  Zero config on [Vercel](https://vercel.com) or [Netlify](https://netlify.com). Choose between static generation, on-demand rendering (Node) or edge-side rendering on [CloudFlare workers](https://workers.cloudflare.com).
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:puzzle-piece}
  #title
  Extensible.
  #description
  Customize the whole design, or add components using slots - you can make Docus your own.
  ::
::

Commit message:

feat: Add info alert and update card description

content/0.index.md, after:

---
title: Pachtop - Cross-platform Desktop system monitor 🚀
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
image: https://github.com/pacholoamit/pachtop-docs/blob/master/public/pachtop.png?raw=true
---

::alert{type="info"}
Check out an **info** alert with `code` and a [link](/).
::

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Download
  - https://github.com/pacholoamit/pachtop/releases/latest
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/pacholoamit/pachtop
---

#title
Pachtop - a more modern system monitor 🚀

#description
Pachtop is a lightweight, performant, and opensource system monitor that provides real-time monitoring of your system's performance, application monitoring, and detailed system information. Built with [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) and [Tauri](https://tauri.app/)

#extra
  ::list
  - **Real-time Monitoring:** Continuously monitor your system's performance
  - **Application Monitoring:** Monitor and compare resource usage of running applications
  - **System Information:** Get detailed information about your system
  - **Performant & Lightweight:** built with Rust and keeps performance and resource usage in mind
  - **Cross-platform:** works on MacOs, Windows and Linux (Android & IOS coming soon)
  - **Opensource:** need I say more?
  ::

#support

![pachtop](https://github.com/pacholoamit/pachtop-docs/blob/master/public/pachtop.png?raw=true)

::



::card-grid
#title
Features

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=material-symbols:add-chart}
  #title
  Real-time updates
  #description
  Receive system metrics & updates in the Dashboard in real-time.
  ::

  ::card{icon=material-symbols:compare-arrows}
  #title
  Application Monitoring
  #description
  Compare and analyze resource usage of running applications with the **Metrics Comparitor**
  ::

  ::card{icon=simple-icons:rust}
  #title
  Built with Rust & Typescript
  #description
  A lightweight bundle that ensures a seamless experience with minimal resource consumption.
  ::

  ::card{icon=simple-icons:github}
  #title
  Easy Installation
  #description
  Get started by downloading directly from the GitHub releases page.
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:rocket}
  #title
  Deploy anywhere
  #description
  Zero config on [Vercel](https://vercel.com) or [Netlify](https://netlify.com). Choose between static generation, on-demand rendering (Node) or edge-side rendering on [CloudFlare workers](https://workers.cloudflare.com).
  ::

  ::card{icon=noto:puzzle-piece}
  #title
  Extensible.
  #description
  Customize the whole design, or add components using slots - you can make Docus your own.
  ::
::
